Update 2021 eng org plan (#1989)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/distribution/index.md

- [Alerts owned by this team](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=repo:%5Egithub.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+file:monitoring/.*+%7B:%5B_%5D%2C+Owner:+ObservableOwnerDistribution%2C+:%5B_%5D%7D+OR+%28:%5B_%5D%2C+ObservableOwnerDistribution%29+count:1000&patternType=structural)
- [OpsGenie rotation](https://sourcegraph.app.opsgenie.com/teams/dashboard/aa59eba4-9b34-45ea-9515-c4dab4cbdac9/main)

## Growth plan

_Updated 2020-11-11_

We are looking to grow this team to 8 engineers so we can split this team into two new teams.

TODO(@gonza): define specific roles we are hiring for.

### Deployment and Operations platform

> This team owns how Sourcegraph site admins (including on-premise customers and our own Cloud deployment) deploy, upgrade, and monitor Sourcegraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This team owns how Sourcegraph site admins (including on-premise customers and our own Cloud deployment) deploy, upgrade, operate and monitor Sourcegraph.
```

### Developer platform

> This team owns general developer productivity and happiness at Sourcegraph. The customers of this team are other engineers at Sourcegraph. Ownership areas include, but aren't limited to, our dev environment, our build pipelines, and developer bots/automation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This team owns general developer productivity and happiness at Sourcegraph. The customers of this team are other engineers at Sourcegraph. Ownership areas include, but aren't limited to, our dev tools, our build infrastructure, and developer bots/automation.
```
Im not entirely set on this change, but I think it would be good to expect teams to create and maintain the own chunks of the overall pipeline and build/dev workflow, as a central team can create the tools for generally automating and making processes easier (buildkite plugins, the release cli, "default" build pipelines for Go or other langs, etc) but each team has the domain specific knowledge around their systems.

Author: I updated how I was thinking about this.
